Hi I'm Dustin
Welcome back to the intelligence every day.
Have you ever led
And stop suddenly, and realize that you are moving
Around this world in the bubble of glass?
It's something weird if you think about it.
But this is really wonderful.
Glass engineers are designed in your car
Be very safe, so that when you have a wreck
You can reduce the chance of being hurt
Divided into two halves like a wicked villain.
Remember ghost film? In any case.
Even today the day is all the smarter
I want to investigate two different types of glass
Which enter the windows of cars.
On the side you have a solid glass
Kind of like Robert Prince drop, but flat
On the windshield you have a reinforced glass
First let's talk about the windshield.
The glass is designed on the windshield to take a hit from the rock and not fall into your lap.
However, the glass on the side windows are different.
To prove this, I got a window from a car in the hardware
We gonna hit it and watch what happens.
Check out how to break it
Do not break
This is because it is designed to be very very strong in the middle
But not on the edge.
Watch what happens if we do not do the same thing on the edge.
[Smashed]
Everything is broken.
To understand exactly why this happens
We will go away and use a high-speed camera
To analyze this at 20,000 frames per second.
What are you doing Mr. Assistant?
- Holding the glass.
- He held the glass. This is not a solid glass
I've got a high-speed camera, that's the V1610
And we have our pictures of this video as soon as possible
High speed camera here
I have another assistant over here.
Not you.
What are you doing?
Pressing the button when the camera occurs ..
I mean when, mother ..
- The camera is not gonna break! [Laugh]
- the glass.
- When the glass breaks, and what does this?
- Start the camera.
- Right. OK.
That's what we're going to do
Not glass hard
We gonna show the difference between the two.
There is a special announcement at the end of this.
So, let's do some science.
You can move friends.
- Can I move?
- I got it. Yes, wear safety glasses
Are you ready, girl?
Ready?
3 .. 2 .. 1 ..
[Smashed]
[Laughing] Well, do you do it?
[Shatter slowed down]
OK, ready, my friend?
mood.
are you ready?
Do your best.
3..2.1.1.
did you understand?
It was not broken.
He said that the glass did not break.
Down from the top this time.
Try dropping it from the angle as well.
3 .. 2 .. 1 ..
Yahaa!
It's not broken!
Well, it is not broken so we will link this key to the bottom part
Of glass.
The idea is that perhaps this key will twist the edge
Break the glass when it is affected
we will see.
Hope it works.
3 .. 2 .. 1 ..
[Smashed]
There we go.
[Crush slowed down]
Well this is the post.
You can see on our left tempered glass.
On the right, this glass is only solid steel
So the question is, why did they break differently?
It's great, is not it?
Well, what have we learned from this experience?
Solid glass is just ordinary glass and that's what it was
Its heat rose sharply in the manufacturing process and then allowed to cool down gradually.
This cooling relieves any internal pressure on the glass.
You will notice when the glass is broken
Not only is it slowly broken but sometimes it may not break up to the other side of the glass.
Which is good for glass.
A small crack in one spot of windshield does not completely block your vision.
They also placed a piece of plastic between two solid glass panels
As these large pieces do not fall and injure you inside the car
Tempered glass is very different.
Instead of allowing the glass to cool down slowly
They use forced air to cool the exterior sides of the glass quickly
Leaving what is inside the hot glass.
Kind of like the way Prince Robert is dropped if you remember this video.
The inside is still hot until it cools
It shrinks and pulls and puts something outside the glass under pressure
But the inside of the big tug
Just like the Prince Robert drop if you can get through that solid outer layer
Reduces stress and flies in front of it destroys an entire layer of glass.
On the Prince Robert drop you have to get through the outer curved surface
Of the drop to relieve tension
But on the car window you have to get through the flat tempered surface to release the tension.
With a sheet of glass though, we have to start along one of the edges.
Even after breaking the glass
Sometimes you can still hear tension releasing itself as it continues to break.
So go there.
The next time you need to escape from the car window
Remember that the windshield is solidified
And it's gonna hold together
But the side windows were tempered and they would bust out of
Just as long as you hit them on the ledge.
Well, I'll just go for that.
You are smart and know how YouTube works.
The company is approaching the person with a big channel
Say we can take care of the product on your channel
And the man says yes, they agree to the price.
this is different.
I actually contacted this company
Because of the change of my family products
In a really good way, I want to happen to your family.
He called the kiwi cage.
Last Christmas I wanted to get a gift for my kids that would help
I have to spend more time with them.
Now I live in hotels for two and a half weeks,
I want to spend time with my children now.
Every month a kiwi cage appears at home for both kids.
My son has a tampering cage, which is like a science and engineering group.
This is the catapult he gets to build, cut the laser plywood.
This is my daughter. It's called Doodle Crate.
She gets to do an art project every month.
She made a paper. We did it together.
My youngest son gets another one.
This one is on transport.
This is called a koala cage.
It's a little thing for his age group.
But every month they get all the box and they know
That frame is something they get in touch with the father.
So, I really want you to do this.
If you know a kid and want to child to
You know, just have their mind stimulated
In many different ways.
Please consider going to kiwicrate.com/smarter
Get a subscription for that child.
Because I approached the kiwi cage
The first kiwi crate or tamper crate you get for free.
If you do not like it, just cancel and never pay anything.
I know you gonna keep it
Because we do it and our family likes it.
It's a fun time I get to be with my kids
And I, that's all I want now.
So, if you are interested in supporting the smartest every day,
Spend time in your children's mind,
Give her a chance. I sell it hard, I really do.
I know I sell hard,
The reason is, I believe in it.
Here you are.
I hope to enjoy this video.
If you would like to subscribe please feel free to do so.
If not, I'm Dustin.
You get smarter every day.
I have a good idea.
This is fantastic is not it.
I want to say thank you to a really wonderful security guard
Which decided not to stop me.
Thank you so much.
what's your name?
- Tony.
- Tony. Tony has common sense and he's gorgeous.
I really appreciate this.
kiwicrate.com/smarter. The first episode in the description. Good-bye.